we've all been there you've finally
saved up the money to buy a new Ballin
gaming monitor but how do you decide do
I go high resolution a little bit lower
refresh rate do I go really high refresh
rate but lower resolution well it
doesn't matter anymore azrock who
sponsored this video to check out their
Phantom gaming pgo 32 UF s2b 32in 4K 240
HZ OLED gaming monitor it's no longer a
problem because despite being all that
this is also a 1080p 480 HZ 32-in OLED
gaming monitor it's dual mode it does
both this is the new avatar game it is
absolutely stunning running on this
wonderful ASRock taichi computer we've
got a 7950 X x670 taichi Carrera and a
7900 XTX taichi but you don't always
play games like this sometimes your game
is a little less beautiful and it has a
lot more valves in it and in those ones
you need High refresh rates
I would show you but I don't actually
have that game installed and the
internet's really here but for
Illustrated purposes let's switch it so
the buttons are backwards Up Is Down
Down is up right is left left is right
it's going to look so much better after
I
promise okay it doesn't actually look
that different but look our F our FPS
doubled like magic this was 4K before I
promise you 480 HZ woo look at how
smooth all right we figured out the
Pinnacle of Esports game CS 1.6 it it
might not be CS2 it's point4 behind that
but we can at least see what an Esports
game which is something you might
actually want 480 HZ looks like super
clear hello oh God I'm by myself what
imagine there's other people I am
fragging them so hard because I have way
more hurts than them specs Wise It's
vesa HDR true black 400 certified it's
got a Max brightness in HDR mode of 1300
nits Peak for iio we've got two HDMI 2.1
ports that's always a nice touch
sometimes they end up with an HDMI 2.1
for one port and then 2.0 on the other
this one 2.1 on both it's also going to
have two display port 1.4s right now
this engineering sample only has the one
but the final production ones will have
two we've got a type-c port that does DP
alt mode and 65 W PD charging a USB type
a hub and audio output on top of that
they also include a Wi-Fi antenna hookup
on the monitor so if you're somebody
that uses Wi-Fi uh having it on your
monitor can actually be a really good
way to get better signal cuz it's Up and
Away instead of like tucked away at the
back of your computer a nice touch if
you happen to need to use it oh look at
that there's the Wi-Fi it right there
it's got a fairly good range of motion
tilting up and down moving up and down
and swiveling left to right it doesn't
pivot
though and of course a 100x 100 vase
amount which is always a nice touch waa
it's got RGB and a Kensington lock which
is always nice I also like it's got the
nipple that's the best way to have a
monitor thing I hate when they just have
a bajillion buttons this is so much
better let's try smooth frog which is
like a Clarity demo obviously this
doesn't necessarily translate the best
over camera but Dennis tried to do some
Pursuit cvas but it
looks very clear I don't really see any
sort of ghosting in the colors or
anything like that it looks pretty good
now I would love to play an HDR video
but unfortunately this engineering
sample doesn't yet have the HDR
functionality built in so if we go to
enable HDR it will be like no HDR in the
future obviously if you buy one it's
going to have HDR so don't stress about
that and if you are planning on watching
HDR content or video editing or anything
like that it has coverage of 98.5% of
the DCI P3 color space which is
excellent let's show you the Dual mode
one more time we were in 1080P mode for
all of that let's go back to 4K just did
it in the onscreen menu there couple
seconds and bam we're at 4K 240 it still
looks really smooth don't get me wrong
4K 240 is really good but it's not only
monitors they have a full lineup of new
motherboards for both the latest Intel
and AMD platforms that are launching
like look at this Intel taichi Aqua it
has 10 USBC ports and no taipe what kind
of Madness is this or x870 E taichi if
you're looking for those latest AMD
chips but I also heard there's an azrock
motherboard in a very interesting system
over here hey guys been a while I think
this is actually my premiere on the
short circuit Channel although I'm not
100% sure Jake pulled me out of
retirement to check out this system I
don't think it particularly has a name
yet this is a a prototype it's not ready
for for Showtime yet but first let's go
over the hardware inside cuz that'll
explain a few things later on about why
they chose some design decisions that
they have inside of it is a Zeon W9 3495
x 2 96 gig sticks of Kingston ddr5
memory a 2 TB Samsung SSD dual Radeon RX
7800 XT gpus a thermal 1650 W power
supply and of course we're here at
azrock thank you azrock for bringing us
to the show this year a azrock w790 WS
now the immersion liquid cooling the
thing that I was really brought here for
what's going on with that this is not
mineral oil this is significantly more
expensive and better one of the notes
that you'll actually see on the card is
that they say compatible with most
material that's a bit of an immediate
issue with mineral oil because it eats
things like rubbers and and other stuff
like that this doesn't have that problem
one potential problem if you wanted to
use this self however is that just this
amount of liquid that's in the case
right now would cost you somewhere
between 2,000 and $2500
us W it makes sense when if you go back
to that parts list just that CPU the
Zeon W9 3495 X that's on that ASRock
motherboard is going to cost probably
more than your entire system that you
have at home so you're probably going to
want to cool it with something pretty
good now again this is a a test a
prototype a proof of concept this is
this isn't final version most plural
carbon immersion systems they're
actually sealed this one has open
ventilation on the top and I've I've
heard tell that they're doing some
experimental things trying to work on
that but uh this system here has had
about a TENS width of fluid evaporated
from it in a week and when the fluid
costs this much you don't want that to
happen but that isn't actually normally
a huge problem with these types of
systems and I'm sure they can solve it
because most of them are actually
completely sealed so that there is no
loss from evaporation everything in the
system that is being touched by the oil
is being cooled fural carbon has very
high thermal conductivity and can pull
that out to this stack of Radiators
that's in the back and those radiators
can cool down the oil cycle it back in
there's no real recycle time as far as
my understanding goes if you have it
nicely sealed your levels aren't going
down you can leave it in here basically
forever and it will keep doing its job
which is very nice now will you see me
using this per cural carbon fluid in a
personal rig update sometime soon no
probably not it's a little expensive for
my taste but I think it's cool that I
got to see one in person I haven't done
that before usually they're big 42u
server racks completely sealed and data
centers and I don't know get to see that
fun stuff and I like that they're
putting it in a nice attractive form
factor a nice attractive package
speaking of which you can find one of
those in the link down below from azrock
thank you azrock for bringing us to the
show this year like comment subscribe
all that fun stuff I don't know how to
out videos anymore see you later